# Getting Started with Prompt Len
The idea behind the project is to onboard new users to the crypto world with enthusiasm and as easy as it can. The implemented prompt console is treated as a window for new people to interact with blockchain such as NFTs, Lens, DAOs, ethereum. Once users have been verified their identity in the World app, they can quickly onboard to the blockchain world by seeing the posts that are made from other people in Lens. If they have questions on anything that they do not know, ChatGPT will come in and help them understand the meaning. They can also utilize the prompt windows to perform actions such as making crypto transactions, posting, commenting, searching and so on. Our vision of the website is that it can be treated as a Google in blockchain but with the social feature as well. 

The very first page of the website require user to sign in to their WorldCoin account. User will click the connect button to finish the verification, which will require the user to finish the process in the WorldCoin mobile app. After that, user are signed to the system and a user id which is returned from the WorldCoin will be shown at the beginning of the page. Later, users can use the prompt box to do whatever they want. For example, users can ask the questions through the prompt input box, and then ChatGpt will answer the questions for them. There are also a list of posts from lenster.xyz that are available for the user to explore and comment. We didn't finish the implementation for the send post functionality. But the idea is that we can have a command prefix to differentiate the questions to ChatGPT and the commands to blockchain such as '.' for ChatGPT and '.post' for posting to Lens. 

For future implementation, we will add more commands to the prompt such as '.buy' to exchange a coin. In addition, WorldCoin id should be used as user authentication to every action in the app including integrating it with existing wallet and Lens profile. 

## Instructions
1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`
